docs: section 'Disable new token fetch on expiry' (#126)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

    ...
```

### Disable new token fetch on expiry

> By default SDK will automatically fetch a new token on expiry. This behavior can be adjusted with `resetOnError: false` argument on `validate` call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the SDK will automatically fetch a new token upon expiry once you have requested a token via `validate`. This behavior can be adjusted by passing `resetOnError: false` to the `validate` call:
```
